dust: add page (#5055)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/dust.md

# dust

> Dust gives you an instant overview of which directories are using disk space:.
> More information: <https://github.com/bootandy/dust>.

- Show the current directory's information:

`dust`

> - Show the information of A and B directories in the current directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display information for a space-separated list of directories:
```

> `dust A B`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dust {{path/to/directory1}} {{path/to/directory2}}`
```

> - Show only 30 directories instead of showing default number of directories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display 30 directories (defaults to 21):
```

> `dust -n 30`

Reviewer: We prefer long argument format:
```suggestion
`dust --number-of-lines {{30}}`
```

> - Show 3 levels of subdirectories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display information for the current directory, up to 3 levels deep:
```

> `dust -d 3`

Reviewer: The argument option should be between curly braces:
```suggestion
`dust --depth {{3}}`
```

> - Severse order of output, with root at the lowest:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display the biggest directories at the top in descending order:
```

> `dust -r`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dust --reverse`
```

> - Ignore all files and directories with the name 'ignore':

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ignore all files and directories with a specific name:
```

> `dust -X ignore`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dust --ignore-directory {{file_or_directory_name}}`
```

> - Do not show percentages or draw ASCII bars:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not display percent bars and percentages:
```

> `dust -b`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dust --no-percent-bars`
```
